QuickMUD
Currently by Jim Robinson, and many others before me...


Downloading:
	Please note on the QuickMUD download page, the filesize is
	shown in bytes. This is dynamically generated and guaranteed
	to be accurate. If your download appears to be over 4MB, then
	it is your browser/whatever you are using to download the
	quickmud.tar.gz file being helpful and gunzipping the archive
	on the fly. Just rename the thing to quickmud.tar if there
	are any problems with this.

Compiling:
	I have changed the entire Makefile philosophy. Basically,
	QuickMUD/src/Makefile is it. That's about the only one I
	edit anymore. Period. It's setup so that it will compile
	on a Debian GNU/Linux system, and probably a Windows +
	Cygwin setup out of the box. Outside of that, there are
	no garauntees. Sorry. I may maintain some FreeBSD
	compatibility, but that's only a thought, as it's an interest
	of mine. Anyway...

	Briefly, about compiling under Windows. The Makefile is set
	up so that the crypt library isn't used, hopefully eliminating
	the senseless abuse of the ROM mailing list with "I have this
	weird/odd/rare crypt error..." messages. A side effect is the
	player's passwords are stored in plain text in the player
	files. No big deal in my opinion, as if someone has read access
	to your source tree, you probably have bigger issues to worry
	about that player's MUD passwords ;-)

	The only thing you should have to do to compile this code in
	Cygwin is to comment out the random() prototypes in comm.c.
	The -DNORAND in the Makefile might help, but I don't have a
	Windows box to test it out on at this moment. So if you get
	a 'previously declared' error about random() when compiling,
	just delete/comment out the offending line(s).

	Your best bet is to just go into the "QuickMUD/src" and run
	"make". If you don't have "make", or don't know what "make"
	is, that's beyond the scope of this document (and probably a
	good indication you should stick to playing MUDs and not
	coding on them).

	So, change directory to "QuickMUD/src" and run "make". That's
	it. The other Makefiles? Well, they are there for posterity's
	sake I guess. Just in case, you know? Got sense enough to run
	another free OS platform, you have sense enough to compile this
	code. 'nuff said ;-)

QuickMUD stuff:
	qmconfig [option] [on|off]
		This command sets up stuff that has been coded into
		QuickMUD for your convenience. The options are as
		follows:

		ansiprompt - whether or not all logins will see a
		  "ANSI Color?" prompt when initially logging in.

		ansicolor - whether or not color is automatically
		  turned on for new players.

		telnetga - the telnet go-ahead code will be sent to
		  players by default if this is enabled. Good for
		  players who use MUD clients like "mcl".

		These options' default values are currently set in
		QuickMUD/src/comm.c, just before the main() function.
		Hopefully in the future I will take the time to put this
		stuff into a config file and read it on bootup.

Well, that's enough for now. It's a start. I'll be using emails I
receive as suggestions for new content :-)

Jim Robinson
aka "Flugh"

